README.md, before:

# Quote Sharing Website

This is a web application built with Next.js and React that allows users to read, post, like, and comment on quotes. The
site is responsive and works on desktop and mobile devices.

## Installation

To get started, clone this repository and navigate to the project directory:

https://git.bbcag.ch/inf-bl/be/22/team-g/blistg/wf/projekt-zitatgram
``
cd zitatgram
``

Next, install the dependencies:
``
npm install
``

## Usage

To start the development server, run:
``
npm run dev
``

This will start the frontend on http://localhost:3000
and the backend on http://localhost:3001/.


## Features

### Home Page

The home page displays a list of quotes that have been posted by users. Each quote displays the author's name, the text
of the quote, and the number of likes and comments.

### Quote Detail Page

Clicking on a quote on the home page takes you to the quote detail page. Here you can see the full text of the quote,
the author's name, the number of likes and comments, and a list of comments that have been posted by other users. You
can also like the quote by clicking the heart icon.

### Post Quote Page

You can post a quote by clicking the "Post Quote" button on the home page. This takes you to a form where you can enter
the author's name and the text of the quote. Once you submit the form, the new quote will be added to the home page.

### Add Comment

You can add a comment to a quote by typing your comment in the comment box below the quote and clicking the "
Post Comment" button. Once you submit the comment, it will be added to the list of comments for the quote.

### Like Quote

You can like a quote by clicking the star icon on home page. Once you like a quote, the number of likes for
the quote will increase.

### Profile Page

The profile page allows you to register or log in to the site, and also displays the quotes that you have created and
the quotes that you have favorited. To access the profile page, click on the "Profile" button in the navigation bar. Once
you are logged in, you can create new quotes and like quotes.

## Fazit

The project is as good as I expected it to be, I had big fun on the project and enjoyed it very much. The biggest problems I 
had, were the animations that I've tried to do. Everything else works fine. If I had more time I would improve the css of the profile page.

Commit message:

Changed based url in path aliases and readme and deleted and reinstalled package-lock.json with npm install

README.md, after:

# Quote Sharing Website

This is a web application built with Next.js and React that allows users to read, post, like, and comment on quotes. The
site is responsive and works on desktop and mobile devices.

## Installation

To get started, clone this repository and navigate to the project directory:

https://git.bbcag.ch/inf-bl/be/22/team-g/blistg/wf/projekt-zitatgram
``
cd zitatgram
``

Next, install the dependencies:
``
npm install
``

(You will maybe need to delete your package-lock.json file and then do npm install if the project isnt working after following these steps )

## Usage

To start the development server, run:
``
npm run dev
``

This will start the frontend on http://localhost:3000
and the backend on http://localhost:3001/.


## Features

### Home Page

The home page displays a list of quotes that have been posted by users. Each quote displays the author's name, the text
of the quote, and the number of likes and comments.

### Quote Detail Page

Clicking on a quote on the home page takes you to the quote detail page. Here you can see the full text of the quote,
the author's name, the number of likes and comments, and a list of comments that have been posted by other users. You
can also like the quote by clicking the heart icon.

### Post Quote Page

You can post a quote by clicking the "Post Quote" button on the home page. This takes you to a form where you can enter
the author's name and the text of the quote. Once you submit the form, the new quote will be added to the home page.

### Add Comment

You can add a comment to a quote by typing your comment in the comment box below the quote and clicking the "
Post Comment" button. Once you submit the comment, it will be added to the list of comments for the quote.

### Like Quote

You can like a quote by clicking the star icon on home page. Once you like a quote, the number of likes for
the quote will increase.

### Profile Page

The profile page allows you to register or log in to the site, and also displays the quotes that you have created and
the quotes that you have favorited. To access the profile page, click on the "Profile" button in the navigation bar. Once
you are logged in, you can create new quotes and like quotes.

## Fazit

The project is as good as I expected it to be, I had big fun on the project and enjoyed it very much. The biggest problems I 
had, were the animations that I've tried to do. Everything else works fine. If I had more time I would improve the css of the profile page.
